Microsoft365defender - Set app_id to support creds (#16429)
demisto/content: Packs/Microsoft365Defender/ReleaseNotes/2_0_4.md

#### Integrations
##### Microsoft 365 Defender (Beta)

> - Added the *Application ID* integration parameter to support credentials fetching object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *Client Secret* integration parameter to support credentials fetching object.
```
